Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
IF WE'RE GONNA RESCUE
OUR DAD FROM THE MINES,
THEN WE'RE GONNA
NEED SOME HELP,
AND WHO BETTER
TO HAVE OUR BACKS
THAN KALIN AND
THAT YUSEI FELLA?
RIGHT.
LET'S JUST HOPE
WE CAN FIND 'EM.
HUH?
IS THAT YOU,
WEST, NICO?
IT'S KALIN.
AND YUSEI.
Lawton: I HAD A HUNCH IN MY GUT
THAT YUSEI FELLA
WOULDN'T JUST LAY DOWN
AND WORK THE MINES
LIKE A GOOD LITTLE PRISONER.
THIS WAY,
YOU TWO.
ARE WE GONNA DUEL,
OR WHAT?
WITH PLEASURE.
FASTER. COME ON.
YOU CAN RUN...
BUT YA CAN'T HIDE.
GET IN THE CART.
AAH!
DON'T TRY ANYTHING,
OR ELSE.
KALIN.
WHAT DO WE DO?
JUST BE READY
FOR MY SIGNAL. GO!
WHAT'S
THE HOLD UP? HMM?
OVER THERE.
IT'S HIM.
FATHER.
HA HA!
IT'S FATE.
IT LED US RIGHT TO HIM.
I'VE MISSED YOU.
[THINKING] AND UNLESS
WE FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO SLIP THESE GUARDS,
WE'LL MISS OUR ONE
CHANCE AT ESCAPE.
NOW TURRET WARRIOR,
ATTACK FULL ARMOR OGRE.
I'M NOW ALLOWED
TO BRING A MONSTER
THAT WILL BLAST YOUR
LIFE POINTS DOWN TO ZERO,
AND IF I DRAW
A TRAP CARD,
THANKS TO
GATLING OGRE'S ABILITY,
IT'LL BE LIGHTS OUT, TOO.
IN OTHER WORDS, YUSEI,
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS
ON THIS NEXT DRAW,
IT'S GOING TO BE
GAME OVER FOR YOU.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Kalin:
YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
JUST STAY DOWN.
Guard:
COME ON, BOYS.
WE GOTTA TAKE THIS
RIFF-RIFF DOWN N'
HAUL 'EM BACK.
IF THEY ESCAPE THE
MOUNTAIN, MR. MALCOLM'LL
HAVE OUR HEADS.
LEAVE US ALONE,
YOU JERKS.
Sergio:
GET DOWN, SON.
ROUND 'EM UP, BOYS.
YOU WANT A TASTE
OF THE KALIN SPECIAL?
ROUND THAT UP.
DAGGUMIT. THESE RUNAWAYS
ARE A REAL THORN IN MY SIDE.
HEH HEH HEH.
COLLAR 'EM.
UH!
Kalin: [THINKING]
THEY'VE ACTIVATED
HIS COLLAR.
I'VE GOTTA
DO SOMETHING.
KALIN,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HUH?
UH!
UGH! UH!
ARE YOU OK?
West: BEHIND YOU!
YOU WANNA DANCE,
PUNK? COME ON!
UH!
STAY ON, KALIN.
DON'T FALL.
KALIN!
AAH!
NICO.
CAN'T YOU DRIVE?
THEY'RE GETTIN' AWAY.
HOLD ON.
[STRAINING]
NICO, HANG ON.
[BOTH STRAINING]
I'LL BE FINE, NICO.
JUST LET GO.
NO WAY.
I'M NOT LETTING GO.
WE'RE GETTING OUT TOGETHER.
IT'S OK.
NO. IT'S NOT OK.
YOU SAVED MY DAD.
NOW LET ME SAVE YOU.
YOU'RE OK.
DEEP BREATHS.
CAN YOU STAND?
Kalin: NICE WORK.
West:
YOU GOOD TO GO?
MM-HMM.
YOU SAVED MY LIFE.
YOU SAVED MINE.
I'M FREE
BECAUSE OF YOU.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
FIRST OF ALL,
WE'RE NOT FREE YET,
AND SECOND OF ALL,
YOU'RE IN THIS MINE
BECAUSE OF PEOPLE
LIKE ME.
I'M NOT HERE
BECAUSE OF YOU.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
IT'S MY OWN FAULT.
NOTHING I DID EVER WENT RIGHT,
AND I COULDN'T MAKE ENDS MEET.
SO I CAME TO CRASH TOWN
LOOKING FOR AN EASY WAY OUT.
HAPPY TRAILS.
Nico:
ALL RIGHT.
YOU WON.
Sergio, voice-over:
FINALLY, I WAS GETTING
TO SHOW MY LITTLE ONES
THAT THEIR DAD COULD DO
SOMETHING WITH HIMSELF,
THAT I COULD BE SOMEBODY
AND TAKE CARE OF US.
ALL MY LIFE, I'D NEVER REACHED
MY TRUE POTENTIAL,
BUT THINGS WERE FINALLY
TURNING AROUND,
BUT THAT DIDN'T LAST FOREVER.
HA HA HA!
AAH!
DON'T DO IT, PLEASE.
GIMME ANOTHER CHANCE.
DADDY!
COME BACK WITH HIM.
I KNEW THE DEAL
WHEN I SIGNED UP.
I WAS A DESPERATE MAN,
KALIN, A DESPERATE MAN
WHO FELT LIKE HE
HAD NOTHING TO LOSE.
IN FACT, PART OF ME THINKS
I WANTED TO END UP DOWN HERE.
BUT WHAT ABOUT
YOUR KIDS?
A MAN CAN GET SO BLINDED
BY SELF-PITY,
HE FORGETS THAT HE'S GOT
SOMETHING WORTH LIVING FOR.
I THINK A LOTTA MEN
WHO COME HERE ARE LIKE THAT.
THEY'VE LOST THEIR WILL
TO FIGHT ON,
AND THEY COME HERE
READY TO LOSE, BUT NOT YOU.
YOU STILL GOT
SOME FIGHT IN YOU.
YOU'RE STILL STRONG.
EVEN IN THIS DARK PLACE,
YOU SEE LIGHT--
I KNOW YOU DO--
AND BY RISKING YOUR HIDE
TO HELP ME AND MINE,
YOU'VE SHOWN ME THAT LIGHT.
I SEE IT NOW, TOO.
HUH?
HA HA HA!
HERE WE GO.
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
[THINKING] I'VE GOT
4 SPEED COUNTERS.
SAFETY'S OFF NOW,
AND NOT ONLY THAT.
HE'S GOT GATLING OGRE
ON HIS FIELD.
IF HE'S DRAWN EITHER
A TRAP OR A SPEED SPELL,
I'M DONE FOR.
HA HA HA!
WHAT DOES HE HAVE?
YOU SURE LUCKED OUT
THIS TIME,
BUT NOW I CAN RELEASE
MY GATLING OGRE
AND SUMMON BIG CANNON OGRE
IN ITS PLACE.
WHAT? YOU'RE DITCHING
GATLING OGRE?
SO YOU HAD
A BACK-UP PLAN?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THIS STORY'S GOT
MULTIPLE ENDINGS,
BUT I'M AFRAID
EACH N' EVERY ONE OF
'EM'S BAD FOR YOU.
[ROARS]
Computer: BIG CANNON OGRE
IS A LEVEL 7 FIEND TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2400 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2400 DEFENSE POINTS.
SO WHAT'S THIS
BIG GUY ALL ABOUT?
THIS HERE IS
BIG CANNON OGRE, MY FRIEND,
AND HE'S ALL ABOUT BEING
TWO TONS OF GUTS N' GLORY
AND BRINGING
A RELENTLESS BARRAGE
OF DESTRUCTION AND MAYHEM
EVERYWHERE HE GOES.
SOUNDS IMPRESSIVE
ON PAPER,
BUT HE STILL DOESN'T
HAVE MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN MY TURRET WARRIOR.
THAT DOESN'T MATTER
IN THIS CASE.
DO IT, BIG CANNON OGRE.
ATTACK THAT TURRET WARRIOR.
MY WARRIOR.
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SKILL SUCCESSOR
FROM WITHIN MY GRAVEYARD.
WHEN I REMOVE THIS CARD
ENTIRELY FROM PLAY,
I CAN INCREASE THE ATTACK
POINTS OF ONE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD BY 800
UNTIL THE END PHASE.
NOW BIG CANNON OGRE'S
BALLISTIC BARRAGE
CAN SHATTER
YOUR MONSTER'S DEFENSES.
GO, BIG CANNON FIRE!
HRRGH!
WHOA, WHOA!
WHAT GIVES?
THANKS TO BIG CANNON OGRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
THE BATTLE DAMAGE
YOU TAKE IS DOUBLED.
THAT'S WHAT GIVES.
NOW THAT WE'RE
IN THE END PHASE,
BIG CANNON OGRE'S ATTACK POINTS
RETURN BACK TO NORMAL.
LOOKS LIKE
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING]
I MANAGED TO HANG ON,
BUT IF I DON'T
TURN THIS THING AROUND,
THEN I'M NEVER GETTING
OUT OF THIS MINE.
UGH.
[THINKING]
I CAN DO THIS.
I JUST HAVE TO SPEED
THINGS UP A LITTLE.
Guard: FASTER!
HUH?
MAN, THESE GUYS DON'T
KNOW WHEN TO QUIT.
HUH? HUH?
I WORKED HERE.
IF WE BREAK RIGHT
AT THE FORK UP AHEAD,
WE CAN GET TO THE OUTSIDE.
ARE YOU SURE? HUH?
[THINKING]
IF WE CAN ELUDE
THOSE GUARDS UNTIL THEN.
THEY GOTTA BE
KIDDIN' US.
SURELY THEY DON'T
THINK IT'LL BE
THAT EASY.
LET'S SEE HERE.
I PRESS THIS,
THEN THAT, AND BAM!
Kalin: THEY'RE
DIVERTING THE TRACK.
KNOW WHERE
THE LEFT ONE GOES?
NOWHERE WE WANNA BE.
WELL, THIS OUGHTA BE
PRETTY ENTERTAINING.
HUH?
LOOK. THE TRACK IS
BROKEN DOWN THERE.
NO.
IF ONLY WE COULD CHANGE
THE TRACK AT THAT JUNCTURE.
[THINKING]
IF I COULD GET DOWN THERE,
BREAK THE CONTROL CONSOLE,
AND THEN SWITCH
THE TRACK MANUALLY--
DADDY?
YOU HAVE A PLAN?
KALIN, LISTEN.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
I BEG OF YOU,
MAKE SURE MY KIDS
GET OUTTA HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU KIDS LISTEN TO ME.
KALIN IS GOING TO
GET YOU OUTTA HERE.
YOU DO WHAT HE SAYS.
OH.
STOP TALKING
LIKE THAT.
WE ARE ALL GONNA GET
OF HERE TOGETHER.
WELL, RIGHT NOW,
ALL THAT MATTERS IS
YOU GETTING MY KIDS OUT.
THERE'S NO OTHER WAY.
DON'T DO IT.
DADDY, PLEASE.
DON'T
DO IT, DAD.
AAH!
UH!
HE MADE IT.
DADDY.
WHAT IS THAT
FOOL DOIN'?
WHAT IN TARNATION?
[STRAINING]
HE'S SWITCHIN'
THE TRACKS. COLLAR HIM.
UH! UH!
HANG ON.
UHH!
UH!
HUH?
CLIMB UP.
HOP IN.
KEEP GOING.
DON'T SLOW DOWN.
GET OUTTA HERE!
HUH?
DADDY, NO!
Sergio:
I'LL FIND YOU.
KEEP GOING.
[SOBBING]
WE CAN'T LET 'EM
LEAVE THIS MOUNTAIN.
COME ON. WE'LL--
WE NEED TO
BORROW YOUR VEHICLE
IF THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
D'OH!
Kalin: THANKS.
[SOBBING]
KNOCK IT OFF.
YOUR FATHER DOESN'T WANT YOU
TO SIT HERE N' CRY LIKE BABIES.
HE WANTS YOU TO BE FIERCE
AND BRAVE AND ANGRY
AND FULL OF SPIRIT AND--
[SOBBING]
I'M SO SORRY, YOU GUYS.
I-- I DIDN'T MEAN TO
SHOUT AT YOU LIKE THAT.
YOUR DAD'S GONNA BE OK.
HE'LL FIND A WAY OUT.
YOU HEARD HIM.
YOU THINK SO?
YOU BELIEVE IN HIM,
DON'T YOU?
YEAH.
AND SO DO I.
IT'S MY TURN.
[THINKING] GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT. I'M THINKING
IT'S ABOUT TIME THAT
I REV THINGS UP.
FROM MY HAND,
I'M ACTIVATING THE FALLEN
SYNCHRON SPEED SPELL.
WHAT?
I CAN ACTIVATE THIS
SPEED SPELL WHEN I HAVE
5 OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS.
IT ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
BY TAKING THE MONSTERS
REQUIRED TO SYNCHRO SUMMON IT
FROM MY GRAVEYARD N'
REMOVING THEM FROM PLAY.
BOTH MY LEVEL 1
SONIC CHICK
AND MY LEVEL 5 QUICKDRAW
SYNCHRON ARE IN MY GRAVEYARD.
SO I REMOVE THEM
FROM PLAY,
AND NOW
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
DRILL WARRIOR.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
DRILL WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
BY CUTTING ITS ATTACK
POINTS IN HALF,
DRILL WARRIOR CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
WHOA, SAY THAT AGAIN.
DON'T WORRY.
YOU HEARD ME CORRECTLY.
GO, DRILL WARRIOR.
ATTACK!
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I ACTIVATE
THE EXPLOSIVE WALL TRAP.
THIS POWERFUL
LITTLE BEAUTY WILL
GET RID OF EVERYTHING,
REMOVING YOUR
ATTACKING MONSTER
AND EVERY SINGLE CARD
ON MY FIELD
PERMANENTLY FROM PLAY.
Kalin:
ANYBODY MIND IF I CUT IN?
KALIN?
HANG ON TIGHT,
YOU TWO.
UH!
HUH?
KALIN, YOU MADE IT.
HUH? HUH?
THERE'S THE EXIT.
LET'S GO.
YOU PUNKS. NOBODY
ESCAPES THIS MOUNTAIN.
HAH!
HEADS UP.
HA HA HA!
I ACTIVATE EXPLOSIVE WALL.
YOU WANT TO GET OUTTA HERE?
LET ME HELP YOU.
THIS WAY, YOU CAN REALLY
GO OUT WITH A BANG.
[BEEP]
LOOK OUT!
YAAH!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
Nico: KALIN! AAH!
GRAB MY HAND.
KALIN, NO!
NICO!
WHOA--UH!
RRGH--UH!
[ALL MOANING]
HA HA HA!
THOSE TWO MEDDLING BLOCKHEADS
ARE AS GOOD AS GONE.
HA HA HA!
[BOTH WHIMPERING]
[MOANING]
HUH? DID I FALL ASLEEP? HUH?
HEY, WHAT'S THIS?
WE TIED YOU UP WHILE YOU
WERE SNORING AWAY.
AND WHY DID YA
DO THAT?
REMEMBER LAST NIGHT
WHEN YOU SIGNED THE DEED
OF THE TOWN OVER TO ME?
WELL, I MAY HAVE
FORGOTTEN TO MENTION
THAT I WAS MARRIED
TO YOUR BROTHER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
YOU'RE MARRIED
TO LAWTON?
SHE SURE IS,
SO WHATEVER BELONGS TO BARBARA,
WELL, IT BELONGS
TO ME, AS WELL.
YOU BETRAYED ME.
HOW DARE YOU? AAH!
YOU'RE TALKIN'
TO THE NEW KING N' QUEEN
O' LAWTON TOWN, BROTHER.
YOU TWO THINK YOU CAN
GET AWAY WITH THIS?
Lawton: JUST ASK THEM.
[ALL MOANING]
Kalin:
I'M NO GOOD TO ANYONE.
I BREAK
EVERYTHING I TOUCH.
THEIR FATHER PUT HIS TRUST
IN ME, AND I JUST--
I LET HIM DOWN.
I LET
EVERYONE DOWN.
DON'T BE SO HARD
ON YOURSELF.
YOU DID EVERYTHING YOU
COULD FOR THOSE KIDS.
BUT MY EVERYTHING,
IT WASN'T ENOUGH, YUSEI.
WELL, HERE
WE ARE AGAIN.
I'M SO SORRY. I FAILED.
IF ONLY I TRIED HARDER.
I GUESS MALCOLM AND HIS GANG
HAVE WON THE FIGHT.
KALIN, LOOK AT THAT.
LOOKS LIKE THAT DUEL
DISK STILL HAS POWER.
IT'S A SIGN.
I CAN'T GIVE UP HERE.
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO STAND UP
AND DUEL FOR WHAT'S RIGHT.
I WILL FIGHT FOR THOSE
WHO HAVE LOST THEIR FREEDOM,
AND AS FOR THOSE
WHO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF
THE LOST AND THE DESPERATE,
I WILL SHOW THEM THAT JUSTICE
HAS A NAME AND A FACE.
KALIN, WHATEVER
YOU'RE THINKING,
I'VE GOT YOUR BACK.
BAD NEWS, LAWTON.
THERE'S A NEW
SHERIFF IN TOWN.
Kalin: LET'S GO
SAVE THOSE KIDS.